And exploring near-Earth objects.
Okay, now let's go through the basics of... of...
Python programming.
Okay, so, um...
In any programming languages, um,
they all have variables, data types, and operators. Remind me if there's any
programming language that, uh,
that doesn't have, like, any of this tree.
I think even assembly...
Yeah, no, assembly maybe don't have data types.
Um...
Alright, so, um...
this, uh, these are the examples of variables.
A value can be assigned to a variable.
For example, if I... if I write this, CT equals to Chicago,
then I... that means I store the value Chicago in the variable called city.
And those variables may have different types.
like, um, string, in this case.
serving is the same as text.
or, uh, floating numbers,
Or even, like, true or false, which is... which we call Boolean value.
Um, they also can have, um, complex types.
list tuple dictionary and sets.
Um...
What are complex types- Those are, like, the array, uh,
Those are, like, if you want to store multiple values in a set, uh, in a variable, for example, you can store it in any of those.
Okay. And...
You can obviously also perform some operations.
mathematical operations, and the two equal signs here is called the equal operator.
it's to convert...
um, the operation into Boolean value.
So, in this case, for example,
is we can double equals false. It basically asks,
Um, uh, if...
is we can if equals false, then it's gonna return true.
Okay. Uh, Python also have, uh, type conversion.
like this, uh, it converts...
the right cost into a string.
Okay, uh, so for... for anybody new to programming, this may sound confusing, so let's... let's try to demo it on the workspace. Um, this is actually also a good time to...
to introduce you to the, um...
to the workspace in Udacity platform.
So, the thing is, like, it's gonna be really difficult to learn programming without
having... being able to try anything that you learn, right-
So, um, Udacity provides
this thing called Workspace.
That allows you to... to...
to run your code.
Yeah.
Whether we have to install any kind of software for Python, or any things regard to install from any... from our
No, you don't need to install anything, and that's the beauty of it. And actually, I urge you to...
If possible, lock into your Udacity, uh, classroom.
Right, so you can try it on your own.
Later on, we're also gonna have, like, a quiz
Where you're gonna have to do things in team.
And do them on your workspace.
So, yeah.
So, um, so this is... this is how the workspace looks like, and...
Um, it's basically running, uh, what you call
a Jupyter notebook environment.
Um, you can run the same environment locally, and this is really good for data analysis.
And I'm gonna show you why this is really good.
So if I click on any of the...
documents created by Jupyter Notebook.
It allows you to, um, create, uh, text-based
cells, which we call marked-on cells.
Okay- And by pressing Ctrl-Enter, it's gonna be formatted nicely.
And it also allows you to create code like this.
So, um, let's create a code cell for now.
And, um, let's just copy, like, this whole thing here.
Okay, so if I... if I run... well, I typed, uh, Ctrl-Enter, which is the same as, like, clicking this button right here.
And it stays true here, um...
Which is the output of the last
Um, the last statement.
So, what it did when I
when I ran this...
code cell is that it ran this code, this entire code.
So if I... if I create another code cell,
And I want to know what's the value of, say, city, for example. I can just
type that variable in.
We'll enter again, and it says Chicago, right-
And this is what makes it really good for data analysis, because, like, um...
Imagine if you have to, like, create, like, the entire applications before...
you're able to see that the results. That's gonna be a bit difficult, right- Especially if
If you have to, um...
you have a lot of, uh,
prior transformations of the data before you can process them.
with this kind of platform.
you don't have to reprocess your data, you can just, like, process your data and...
in, like, a code cell, and then you... and then you can use another cell to...
Um, to interact with the results of your transformation.
Okay, so, um, I made a bit of a mistake there.
Um, the true here is not the result of the last
statement, but this is the result of this statement here, print.
So, print is basically, uh, as the name suggests, it prints out
stuff, right- And you can even print out string.
And you can add string...
into, um...
Uh, you can add variables into your streams.
I usually like to use this format.
city-
Oh, like this.
Like this. Uh, but you can also do things like this.
Did he...
Okay- So... and there are many variations, too, like, into this. So the thing with... with...
with Python. I think it's especially with Python, because, like, I've learned a couple of other programming languages,
But in the case of Python,
The alternatives of doing things,
aren't just, like, so many. So, uh, they kind of modeled Python like an English
an actual English language. There are...
Stop sharing, but how do I stop sharing from here- I wonder.
Oh, there it is.
Okay...
Launch. Okay.
Um, do you... do you get the...
Um, the quiz pop-up on your screen.
Ah, great. Thank you, too, because, like, I saw a couple of answers.
Yeah, it works.
Alright, very good. All of you answered correctly, um, true.
Alright, so that's good. So, yeah, um, this equal... double equal sign, it basically tests for the truthfulness of the statement.
And pulls...
Oh. Okay.
So, um, one person said it will raise an error. That's actually an interesting observation.
Um, do you want to share with me, maybe, uh, why do you think it's going to raise an error-
I... I can't actually see...
I can't actually see who answered that, but...
Um... yeah, okay, sorry about that. Okay, so yeah, um...
I... uh, the correct answer in this case is true.
Because, like, um, and we can, we can actually test it right away.
Let me share my screen again.
So this is literally my... my first...
Uh, my first session that, uh, that I use a quiz, so forgive me if there are, uh,
a couple of hiccups there.
And, um, let's see...
Copy this, and let's create a new code cell.
And just print it up. Okay, so the answer is true.
Alright-
Alright, next. Mmm...